The Joe Rogan experience. Well, Duncan,
you now have a successful Netflix show number two in the country on IMDB.
It on rotten tomatoes, whatever it's. Yeah, well,
I same thing and I don't know what that means necessarily, but yeah. Yeah.
It's true. I can't believe it. Yeah.
Is, is IMDB even TV shows it's internet movie database.
Is it it's I'm not sure what it is. I, I it's like imubb's odd, but yeah,
the show you a successful show, I guess right now it seems like people like it.
It is so.
Weird, dude. Your show is so weird. Yeah, man. <laugh> yeah. It's so dunking.
It's the most dunking thing you've ever done? Yes.
It is. It really is great. I got lucky that they let me do that too. You know,
that's cuz they let it's cuz Netflix, you know,
tell people the name of it real quick. Uh,
it's called the midnight gospel and um, you know,
I've watched some of your episodes where you're talking about the way things are
changing cuz a podcast or streaming or whatever.
And I think like the fact that the show exists is a Testament to that that
change because you know,
a subscription based service versus like, uh,
any other old TV, they've got a lot more creative freedom and they, they,
they could take bigger risks right. Than, you know,
coming into a look at that. <laugh>'s.
So crazy. <laugh> look at the keyboard with the witch hat. Oh my God.
That's so crazy. That's so dunking. Yeah. And.
And yeah, and it's like Pendleton ward who made adventure time.
He L he listens to my podcast and he just, I don't know,
we had a really great collaboration and he that's a lot of Pendleton and it's a
lot of like 150 other people at tipmount studios. Uh,
like Jesse Monahan, like just these brilliant people,
like Mayfield or like who, just one of the also by the way,
a non-equier or is when we were making it at tent miles.
One of the really weird things was walking by an animator and they're watching
your podcast while they animate the midnight gospel. You know,
it's one of those weird, and it's not like a dejavu, but it's like,
that's my friend, but that's, you know,
that that's just so many odd moments like that, but yeah,
that's not just that's whenever you see any animated thing,
you're looking at a squadron of brilliant eccentric
artists here.
Or Asian slaves. Yeah.
A lot of people don't know that they send it overseas and we,
they didn't send ours out. They let us do it in house. That's.
So nice to know. You're not supporting Asian slavery. Is it really.
Slaves?
I don't know if it's slaves, but I mean,
if you're working for 5 cents an hour and you, you live there, you know,
there there's people that live in bunks. If you you've seen those,
those setups where they have for some of the cell phone factories or they have
bunk beds. Oh yeah. And, these people just live in these dorm. Yeah. You know,
the Foxcon thing with the Netar on the building,
I keep people from jumping off like, yeah. They they're BA I mean,
they're not slave.
Slaves is Foxcon Chinese. Yes. It's actually a very good company,
the best company ever. And I'm just saying that like, oh,
some people think I'm a Chinese shell or something. I got this side of.
Press.
How long before someone gets one of those animation things tattooed all over
their body, it's gonna happen for sure.
Someone's gonna do their whole back with that DJ. I know, man.
I know heard that picture again. That actually would look pretty dope if you,
uh, if you do get that done, shout me out on the Instagram. Woo. I'll find it.
Thank you.
Yeah. Somebody tweeted it at me that my biggest decision at 2020 is gonna be,
when do I get a tattoo of Clancy on my body? <laugh> which is pretty awesome.
That's Clancy. The one with the hat. That's Clancy. Yeah.
That looks like a Clancy. That's a Clancy for sure. Yeah.
That's hilarious, dude. That's a, that someone is getting that for sure. Yeah.
I, I, I mean, it's, it's the R these,
these are the folks who worked on this, man. We're talking like, these are like,
that's the fan art already. Some of the fan art is just amazing.
This is fan art already. That's fan art. Yeah. That's fan art. Oh.
People have been drawing. Clncing all these different ways. It's so cool. Man.
Could have that one above it to the left. Jamie. This one. Yeah.
That's from the show that looks like it could be a back tattoo.
Yeah, that would be awesome.
<Laugh> just a giant back tattoo of Clancy. I mean, when like.
Doing animation and you know, I'll never be able to look even if a, if, if a,
if an animated series, if I don't like it,
if the plot's weird to me or whatever, I'll never be able to be like, whatever,
man,
when you realize how much and how many people go into like have to do
just one frame,
how much time goes into just a milliseconds and how many people are sitting in
these rooms that are lit specifically. So you see all the colors,
having like real deep conversations and, and debates over like,
you know what, or they should make a pizza cutter in the show. Like how, like,
what should the shade of gray be for this one specific area?
So much thought goes into that. And that's part of making one of these things.
It's,
it's called the dailies where you'll sit and you'll watch tiny,
tiny little bits of the show. And like, you have to S every single frame,
you have to look for continuity problems. And like,
you gotta catch all these little things that I, you know, I'm not an animator,
obviously.
So I'd be sitting there in like Pendleton or Mike Mayfield would be like,
can you go back two frames? It looks to me like, there's a, these like,
have an animator language. You know, they're like, looks to me like a, uh,
there's some kind of warble on the 28th, uh, pixel there. And you're like,
what the? Whoa. And they CA they have the eye to catch, like the tiniest,
tiniest, like tiniest thing that's off. And you have to cuz otherwise, you know,
once it's up there, it's up there. Jesus,
I know it's ma it's ma it's literal magic. It's like 10 mouse studios you did.
That is like, you know,
I would go in there so stoned and I would just start getting that feeling of
like, this is a temple. I don't think this is even a,
you could call this a studio as much as it's a temple. I mean, why,
why wouldn't you call it a temple? And then you see all these people, you know,
focusing their life, energy on essentially like bringing a thing to life.
Like Clancy is alive. Now that's a living being in some,
in this universe who lives, you know, in that medium of animation, that's.
A good way to put it. Right. Yeah. It almost seems like that. Right.
That's why people get so upset that if you change a character's behavior,
like what are you doing? Yeah. You have this thing gave birth to this thing.
Yeah. That's right. You. And that,
that is also why you need a huge team of people who love, love the characters.
So, because it's easy,
like there would be times I would suggest a thing that would make Clancy seem
like too mean.
Cuz these not mean you don't like the moment a character seems like that. No.
Like it loses all like ability people are like, what a? You know, Nancy, he's.
Alive to you. You're like, he's, he's not, meanran's not mean he is alive.
You're like, it's like, you're talking about your, your brother or something.
He's like my little brother. I think of him as my little brother. Yeah. He.
Represents you in a weird way. There's something about what they captured. Go,
go to that image again. Well, I got, just give me around.
Don't gimme the one with his head in a vagina. <laugh> give it's.
Actually.
With him.
There's something about one of the first couple of images that you pulled up.
They, they look like you. Yeah man.
And I don't mean they look like you <affirmative> I mean like yeah.
Duncan's thoughts. That's a dunkcan thought. Yeah. You know what I mean?
Like he looks like a fake guy that you would create.
Like it kind of perfectly fits.
I, I don't, I, that, that is another, the magical aspects of animation. Yeah.
Which is, I don't know how they do that. Like the, the, the spoiler spoil you.
Haven't seen it. Put your fingers in your ears. Spoiler.
I'm sorry if this is a spoiler. Uh, the last, well,
it's not too much of a sport.
The last episode is the podcast I did with my mom when she was about
three, three weeks away from passing on. And uh, you know,
they never met my mom and, but they did the exact same thing with her.
<affirmative> so suddenly I'm watching, you know, her like, and not her,
like I'm looking at a VI, a, a video of her,
but looking at her like her, like they got her spirit in there somehow.
And that was one that, that is just a Testament to the me,
to the medium of animation. Cuz they that's one of the things it can do,
you know, it can grab a spirit and hold it inside the art.
And like that spirit is alive somehow, somehow. Right.
Yeah. I agree with you in some weird way. It's like,
I wouldn't agree with you in a technical sense, but in a sense of like,
well it is affecting the things it comes in contact with at least through a one
way dimension, right? Yeah. Like the, the things it's a as hit people,
the animation, it seems like it's a living thing. I know it's not, I,
I'm not stupid. I'm not that stupid. Yeah. I'm a little stupid,
but it seems like you.
Well, it's not biologically alive for.
Sure. It's, it's sort of like there's, there's an art to doing that.
That we maybe don't know cuz we're not. I mean, I,
I used to draw a little, but I, I'm not really good. You know what I mean?
Like a really good artist.
There's something that they can do where they just can kind of capture you
in like a little symbol, like thing,
a little character they CA but they capture you in there somehow.
Yeah man. That's, you know, Pendleton, like when you he'll you,
when you watch him draw it's would be easy to think, man,
I could totally do that. <laugh> cause I'd watch him, you know, he would,
I just, you know, we would, he would just draw and you watch these beautiful,
these drawings that are just Pendleton, there's his art, you know? And like,
then I would see that and be like, ah,
maybe I'll try to draw a little penleton war. And then it's like, what the hand?
I can't do it.
Cause it's so SIM like on one level it looks so what's so powerful about it is
how simple it is. It's very similar to standup. Uh,
the way Pendleton is treating, working on the show,
which is one cool things about him is like his ability to cut the fat and get
right to the like simple point.
That's where the power is when you're drawing something or telling a story or
whatever. The more complexity that gets added to it, not to say the show,
it doesn't have like chaos and wild psychedelic stuff.
But any decision we made ended up like any decision you made
creatively in anything it's like, what am I trying to say?
Mm-hmm <affirmative> like, what is, what is the,
the artery that is running through this that I'm trying to express and then,
uh, getting as close to that as you can, uh, and then,
and putting it out there without put, cuz otherwise you, it,
the whole thing gets blur to buy all the, um,
I guess you could say like extra bells and whistles,
you might wanna attach to it. Mm. You know?
Mm that's something you taught me too with standup man.
Like how important it is to just like cut, just trim the fat trim,
the fat. Mm. And that's a sad thing to do with comedy.
When you think you got a nice eight minute bit <laugh> that's like a two minute
maybe, but you.
You know, instead of youve got stretched out too wide. Yeah. But the,
the two minutes would be great though. That's the thing you, you just have to,
you have to understand that you're growing attached to, you know,
it's the writer's expression. Kill your babies. Yeah.
It's very difficult to kill your babies when you create something that's you can
get attached to it. There's a lot, its that I left on the table,
left on the cutting room floor. I was like, this has to be chopped up.
It just is too wordy. I'm too verbose. It's too. This it's too.
That it's too long. Why do I think so much about this?
Why I I'm not showing a real reason why I'm so connected to this.
So I just chop, chop, chop, chop, chop, chop. It's hard. Yeah.
But it almost always works better.
Always have almost, always, always, almost, always. Almost always.
If it doesn't, it's not whatever your idea was. Probably wasn't that good?
Like sometimes.
You need a setup though. Sometimes the setup isn't funny.
Like there's guys that it's not my style,
but there's guys that'll tell like perbilia is greatd it tells stories,
you know like there's and you're you're enenttrapped in the narrative of the
story you're capturing this. It's a very different thing.
It's equally entertaining. It's equally funny.
Like when it gets to the punchline,
but there's a difference between that and say like Burr, right?
Burr is hitting you with punchline and this guy,
guy with a thing and BA BA yeah.
And he's another guy that like your friends drawing,
like you would hear ber talk and you go, well, I can talk too.
Seems like he's just talking. Yeah. <laugh> yeah.
You don't realize this is like an, a masterpiece of,
of syllables and pauses and the right amount of outrage and
segueing it in and hitting you with this at the end and yeah.
All these things that have put it together that make a great bill bur a bit.
It's like, if you don't know, it's hard to draw what he's drawn.
Yeah. It's hard. It seems like it's simple lines, but go,
go to that picture again. Like the, everything is beautiful about it.
Like look at the perspective.
It's like the kids perfectly sandwiched in the front,
there's the dog and the triangle in the world. It's like, that's not just,
it's simple in the sense that it's just not like, it looks like a real person.
Yeah. You know,
like we look at drawing sometimes like as the realistic ones or the really good
ones. Like we have cameras now. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Just this to me sometimes is more interesting. It's like you're drawing some.
That's definitely not real.
Yeah. Well that, you know what, that's not that.
So when we were coming up with that, that we had to come up with a character.
Yeah. And so what's really fascinating about it is, you know,
this character goes into a multiverse simulator and chooses a new avatar for
every place that he goes. So it's like, he, he,
so you have that take that character and put it in a completely
different drawing that is that character and still maintain the body
language that you're maintaining in that character to produce continuity.
That's one of the challenges of the show is like,
and also the conversations you end up having just to come up with like, um,
the, you know, the CA his hat or his what's he gonna wear, like, for example,
here's how cool pen is and how much he loves. Like people who love adventure.
Time is one of the things he was saying is, you know,
people are probably gonna want to Coplay Clancy at ComicCon stuff
and, and he doesn't have any, he doesn't have anything to carry thing.
He doesn't have pockets. So if people are cosplaying him,
they're not gonna have anywhere. They could put their stuff. So <laugh>,
we should, let's give him like a, a bag.
And so that's little Clancy ended up with his cool bag that he carries around.
Oh yeah.
My God. For the causeplay yeah.
Man, for the, for the people respect to the streets. Exactly.
I.